The basic narrative of Elden Ring is quite simple. It begins with the shattering of the Elden Ring, a cosmic artifact that governs this world. A war then ensues but no clear successor arises from the brutal conflict. With the demigods failing to claim the throne, The Greater Will looks to the tarnished, a long banished warrior people to restore order and ascend the Elden Throne. Yet beyond this basic narrative is a world of rich history, lore and hidden narratives that provides a never-ending rabbit hole for those who enjoy a good story. This is something that can be experienced in part by watching my entire lore series, a 35 hour exploration into this incredible world. Yet in the comments of that video I noted a common request. Could I provide a more condensed story summary in preparation for the DLC? That is what this video aims to be, a more concise story summary of Elden Ring, or at least as concise as I can possibly make it. From the division of the One Great to the Shattering War, this video will give you everything you need to understand the lore basics ahead of Shadow of the Erdtree. So join me this week as we explore the lore of Elden Ring and remember that if you enjoy Elden Ring lore, then consider liking this video and subscribing to the channel. The Elden Ring itself is the most important artifact in the Lands Between and so it is fitting that we begin with it and its arrival in this world. The item description of the Elden Stars incantation reads the following, This legendary incantation is the most ancient of those that derive from the Erdtree. It is said that long ago, The Greater Will sent a golden star bearing a beast into the Lands Between, which would later become the Elden Ring. There are a number of important pieces of lore to be found within these few sentences. The first is that the Elden Beast and the Elden Ring are one and the same. This is what is also visually communicated to us in the final battle of the game as well. Radagon holds the Elden Ring within his body, but when he is defeated, the Elden Ring's avatar arises from the mist. Another visual detail which communicates this is a crack present along the Elden Beast's stomach, highlighting that this beast is the Elden Ring that was shattered by Marika. We learn more about the Elden Ring and Beast via its remembrance, which reads the following, It was the vassal beast of The Greater Will, and living incarnation of the concept of Order. If the Elden Beast is the living avatar of Order, then the Elden Ring is an artifact through which Order is imposed. You see, The Greater Will never interacts directly with the Lands Between. The Elden Beast is its vassal, meaning it rules here on behalf of The Greater Will. The two fingers are described in a similar fashion via the Nox Mirror Helm, which reads, Worn by those committed to high treason, it wards off the intervention of The Greater Will and its vassal fingers. We begin to see a picture emerging of The Greater Will's limitations. It cannot act directly on the Earthly plane and can only do so through third parties. The Elden Ring, the Elden Beast, the two fingers and Marika herself. Enya tells us that Marika's position of God is basically a chosen Earthly representative of The Greater Will and vassal for the Elden Ring. Queen Marika is the vassal of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision. A god in truth. Incidentally this is why Marika and Radagon also shatter alongside the Elden Ring, as they bear the Elden Ring within themselves as the vassal of its power. They are part of it in a way. Oh Radagon, Leelhound of the Golden Order, thou art yet to become me. Thou art yet to become a god. Let us be shattered, both mine other self. Indeed we see this happen in the announcement trailer, where their body shatters alongside the Elden Ring and of course we fight the shattered remains of Radagon, still bearing the broken Elden Ring. So The Greater Will enforces its will on the lands between Via Proxy and we know that the Elden Ring brings order and the form that order takes seems to be a result of its constituent parts, runes. We know runes are the constituent parts of the Elden Ring because the introduction tells us that the great runes gathered by the demigods are the resultant fragments of the shattered Elden Ring. Thus all runes, ranging from the great runes to the small golden runes we collect, are fragments of the shattered Elden Ring. It is the composition of certain runes that make up the current order, that determines in what manner the Elden Ring imposes order upon the material realm. We know this thanks to the various Elden Lord endings, Age of Fracture, Age of the Dustborn, Age of Order and the Blessing of Despair. These endings are all the same in the broader sense, we repair the Elden Ring and become Elden Lord, the Fractured Marika's new consort. However they all differ in a significant way, they each usher in a different type of order, as the Elden Ring is affected by the particular mending rune we choose. If we introduce Dung Eater's Rune of the Fel curse, the entire Elden Ring is affected and the world's order with it. Indeed the Golden Order itself is an order that resulted from a certain configuration of runes, specifically the absence of the Rune of Death. This is something we learn from the mending rune of the Death Prince which reads, The Golden Order was created by confining Destined Death. Thus this new order will be one of Death restored. This fact is reiterated by Enya who says, The Rune of Death goes by two names. The other is Destined Death. The Forbidden Shadow plucked from the Golden Order upon its creation. This brings us to an interesting discussion regarding The Greater Will. It becomes clear that it cares about only one thing, order, no matter the form that order takes. This is a point beautifully argued by Rattatoscar in his video on The Greater Will which I will link below. In this video Rattatoscar makes the point that The Greater Will isn't necessarily tied to the Golden Order specifically and points to the ancient dragon civilization to cement this point. The Remembrance of Placidusax tells us that this great dragon was once an Elden Lord himself in an age far before the Erdtree. He too was a consort to a god just as we are to Marika as our Radagon and Godfrey are to her as well. There is always a god, there is always a lord and there is always an order manifested by a specifically configured Elden Ring. In the ruins of Farum Azula, the dragon civilization, there is a mural depicting the Elden Ring but it looks very very different and again it suggests that the order of this time would have been very different from the Golden Order. Indeed it has a very wild aspect to it with the chaotic looking branches, suggesting it was the order of a more primal and bestial era. Before we go any further I do want to briefly discuss the process through which a mortal god is selected. Ranni is the best source for this as she too was once an Empyrean. She says the following. I was once an Empyrean of the demigods. Only I, Miquella and Melania could claim that title. Each of us was chosen by our own two fingers as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age, which is when I received Blythe, in the form of a vassal tailored for an Empyrean. Empyreans are those elected by The Greater Will's vassals to be candidates for godhood. These would be gods then must rest control of the Elden Ring and establish a new order, becoming a god and this was a feat that Marika herself achieved when she was once Empyrean. The new order is then completed by the god taking a consort Elden Lord, Placidusax, Radagon and Godfrey being the ones that we know about. So yes, The Greater Will just wants an order, any order, reinforced by the fact that it will accept the order of the Fel curse as readily as it will the Age of Order, ordaining you as the Elden Lord equally in each case. This is all well and good but it still leaves us with some questions. When did this happen though? When did the Elden Ring arrive in the Lands Between? Well certainly a long time before even the Erdtree, the Erdtree and the Elden Ring have not always been synonymous. We have already read Placidusax Remembrance which tells us he was the Elden Lord in the time before the Erdtree. It clearly took some time, possibly even a millennia, for the Erdtree to emerge and the Elden Ring was in operation without it for some time. My ideas on this have changed a lot over time but my conclusion remains that I believe the Elden Ring precipitated diverse life on this planet, meaning it has been there since the beginning of life as we know it. We only get one reference to the origins of life in this world, and that is via the Maiden of the Three Fingers, Yetta. After we assume the mantle of the Lord of Frenzied Flame and we touch Yetta, we transfer some of its power to her. The Three Fingers grant her clarity and give her the bigger picture of their plan. She tells us how life came to be and of that original state of life that the Three Fingers yearns to return to. As your maiden allow me to divine them. All that there is came from the One Great, then came fractures and births and souls. So again we learn it was The Greater Will that precipitated diverse life in this world. And again I ask you, how does The Greater Will act on the mortal plane? Indirectly through its vassals and its chief instrument, the Elden Ring. Does it therefore not make sense that it was the Elden Ring's arrival that started this change? That its power was what afflicted the One Great and caused it to split? This is what I believe given what we know about The Greater Will. I believe the arrival of the Elden Ring via the means described in Elden Stars was the moment in which the One Great shattered and that the Elden Ring was sent to the Earth for this exact purpose. To reform the life found within the One Great and impose The Greater Will's order upon it. There is also evidence that the Elden Ring isn't exeribly tied to life itself as the Golden Rune item description reads, Even now, runes are still imbued with the power of life itself. The current order, the Golden Order, is one of life unbound, with the removal of the Rune of Death. Marika's rune is also an interesting shape. As suggested by Quelaag in a tweet, there is a real possibility that her rune is an inversion of the Rune of Death, making it the Rune of Life and her the God of Life. Additionally, the Erdtree is a creation of the Elden Ring or is at least connected to its power, as illustrated by each of the endings in which a rejuvenated Erdtree takes on the hue of the newly configured Elden Ring. This is significant as the Erdtree itself acts as the nexus of life in the Lands Between. All life is returned to the Erdtree via its burials and as is pointed out by Tarnished Archaeologist in their video series on life, there are murals in the catacombs that suggest death is recycled, life being born from the boughs of the Erdtree. We know for a fact that the earlier form of the Erdtree during the Age of Plenty would bear dew which itself contained life. We learn this from numerous items such as the Amber Medallions that contain the hardened amber of the Erdtree, described as containing a primordial life energy. Indeed the vital energies of the amber do seem to boost the vitality of the bearer in different ways. The Erdtree is or at least was a life bearing tree, the source of primordial life itself, which makes sense when you consider the preceding form of the Erdtree, the Crucible. We learn that the Erdtree was once the Crucible via the Godskin Noble set which reads, Crucible's are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology, not unlike the Crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form. Indeed it seems as though the physical form of this Crucible was itself somewhat tree like, as Siluria's spear is said to be modelled on the Crucible and it takes on a wild arboreal form. We learn more about the role this Crucible played in regards to life via the aspect of the Crucible incantations which reads the following, This is a manifestation of the Erdtree's primal vital energies, an aspect of the primordial crucible where all life was once blended together. Now in the past I have certainly been guilty of over complicating the nature of the crucible and the era in which it occurred. In the past I have theorised it merely occupied the period before the Erdtree, with some overlap with the Age of Dragons and the Beastman's civilization. However in starting afresh for this video I believe the truth is far simpler. That truth being that the Crucible has existed since the beginning of diverse life, since the splitting of the One Great. The description of the aspect of the Crucible incantation contains a few key words. The Crucible was the place where all life was once blended together and it is the primordial source of life. If all life had to have come from the Crucible at some stage, it means that it has always existed, at least until it was replaced, by its new form, the Erdtree. After all, Siluria's spear, modelled after the Crucible, has its name taken from the real world Silurian period, one of the earliest eras in the Earth's history. The Crucible was the form that the One Great took after it had split, following The Greater Will's interference. The One Great and Crucible are therefore overlapping moments in the history of evolution and thus it makes sense that they are described using similar language. Both are a stage of evolution where life was blended together. They are an overlapping stage of evolution but both moving in the opposite direction. The Crucible is the blended form of life prior to diversification. It is the Crucible of evolution. Conversely, the frenzied flame wishes to reduce life to a similar state as the goal in of itself, to return things to the One Great. So to surmise, there was the One Great, a form of singular uniform life and then came the Elden Ring, which imposed The Greater Will's power upon it, causing it to break and become the Crucible. From the Crucible emerged all life and in time this Crucible would become the Erdtree, the new nexus of life. And they both represent a distinct moment in evolution, with the Erdtree representing the advent of civilization. But we will get into that shortly. So the Crucible era began and the earliest civilization that we know of under this greater epoch was that of the Ancient Dragons. Fitting given they can easily represent this world's version of the dinosaurs. In my Ancient Dragons lore video I had theorized that there could be a reason that dragons were the first beings on this earth. Zulie the Witch's video on Fortissax and the Dragons highlights the fact that under their stone scales the dragons have golden skin. This is most easily seen on the Great Wounds on Placidusax's body. Additionally Placidusax, Elden Lord of his kind, breathes a very unique fire. A golden fire. The gold colour itself suggests a link to The Greater Will but doubly so when you consider there is another being that breathes golden fire, the Elden Beast itself. The Elden Beast has a very draconic form, is it possible that these first lifeforms were made in the image of god? Perhaps but what is clear is that this was the civilization that first acted as living vassals for The Greater Will as we have noted are the power structure they had. An Elden Lord, a God and the Elden Ring. The Ancient Dragons, unlike their modern devolved kin, are beings of great intelligence as we learn from Lansseax's Glaive which reads the following. Lansseax was the sister of Fortissax. It is said that she took the form of a human to commune with the knights as a priestess of the Ancient Dragon cult. While this of course refers to an event far later in the timeline, it gives an insight into their intellect and powers. They are able to communicate with other beings and even assume their forms. Combined with their incredible strength and possession of the Elden Ring it would be easy to see why some may consider them to be gods. And indeed it appears that this was the relationship between the Beastmen and the Dragons. Throughout Farum Azula we see statues of Beast clergymen beside the busts of Ancient Dragons, implying this religious relationship. We know the Beastmen had a religious beliefs thanks to the item description of the Tinquidea which reads, Short sword given to high ranking clergymen of Farum Azula. The design celebrates a beast's five fingers, symbolic of the intelligence once granted upon their kind. A few things to break down here. Intelligence was granted upon them, meaning it was a process of steady evolution. It was a sudden thing, something reinforced by the description Bestial Vitality which reads, Having gained intelligence, the beast must have felt how their wildness slipped away as civilization took hold. It was a sudden and shocking change that happened in an instant as an external force pushed sentience upon them. How disturbing it must be to become aware in such a rapid manner. But what external force? Well it must of course be the result of The Greater Will somehow, and as I have reiterated numerous times at this stage, The Greater Will never acts directly. Thus I believe their intelligence derives from the Elden Ring and its first custodians, the Dragons. If this was the case, would it not make sense that the Beastmen would worship and serve the Dragons? It is all speculation of course but to me all the pieces fit. The name of the Tinquidea is very fitting as it is an Italian weapon that means a five finger with blade, matching the blades aesthetic design and symbolism. But what of five fingers got to do with the granting of ones intelligence? Well as I have argued in numerous videos before, I believe this to be a reference to our own evolution and our development of opposable thumbs that granted us the ability to use tools. A foundational moment in our development as an upright intelligent tool using rays. Indeed the Beastmen's own development as a society seems to be an analogy to early man, to real world prehistory. And credit to Tarnished Archaeologist who was the first to point this out in their stellar Farum Azula lore video which I will link below. First we start with the Stone Age and evidence of their use of stone tools revealed to us by looking at the description of Bestial Sling which reads the following. It is said that in the time before the Erdtree, stones were the first weapons of the beasts who had gained intelligence. Following Tarnished Archaeologist's observations we can then track their development to the Copper Age by observing their burial practices in Farum Azula, clearly modelled on the Varna Burial of Bulgaria and then finally into the Iron Age thanks to their iconic weapons which are identified as iron by their item descriptions. This was the earliest period of civilization following the One Great's dissolution and the crucible's emergence, the prehistoric era of dinosaurs and then primates, analogously represented by dragons and beastmen respectively. Though it does seem as though man rose in these times as well, firstly there are artistic depictions of human characters all throughout Farum Azula. Then of course there is the Draconian Appearance preset which reads the following. The stony face of the people of the ancient dragons, among whom life is typically short. Lots of interesting takeaways here and things to ponder. Firstly I do consider it likely that these are the first men given life expectancy for humans has gotten longer as we have progressed so it would make sense that the lives of early men are far shorter. Finally the description states that they are of the ancient dragons, placing them concurrent with this primordial race. What does of the ancient dragons mean? Does their stony countenance suggest they themselves evolved from the dragons? Or is it just a clever bit of wordplay? I think it is unlikely but I acknowledge it is very possible. My favourite idea is the one presented by Darktark in his video on Farum Azula where he points out that the beastmen skeletons drop human bone shards. They also seem to wield shields that are also found on human skeletons in Altus Plateau, the shield of the sun realm. Are these our ancestors and is the sun realm Farum Azula? I leave it to you to decide but what is clear is that this society marked the start of advanced civilization of the Lands Between, it's prehistory of the crucible Epoch. And what finer representation of the wild untamed crucible of life than the dragons. Of course following prehistory comes ancient history and Elden Ring follows this pattern by introducing us to a mysterious ancient civilization whose ruins can be found scattered around the Lands Between. These are the ruins found in Shifra River, Uul Palace, found in Einzel River, Uld Palace found in Lyurnia and Mogwin Palace. Before we even get into the architectural style of these constructions we can learn from the in-game lore itself that this was an ancient civilization via the Mogwin Palace map description which reads, In the lightless depths lies the grave of an ancient civilization. It is here Mohg, the Lord of Blood, is building his palace, to be the seat of his coming dynasty named Mogwin, and whatever nightmares that may bring. We know this ancient civilization existed before the Erdtree thanks to the Einzel River map description which reads, Two great rivers flow beneath the lands between the Shifra and the Einzel. This vast region is said to be the grave of civilizations that flourished before the Erdtree. Reinforcing the fact that this civilization flourished in the Lands Between's ancient era is the choice of architectural inspiration. Few will miss the obvious reference to the classical Greek Parthenon in Mogwin Palace and in general the Roman and Greek inspired columns that support the majority of the buildings. There are some other ancient civilizations mixed in here as well as noted by content creator Quelaag. There is some Sumerian influence, given that the various obelisks found throughout the ruins are clearly modeled on the Black Obelisk of Shelmanacer III. Additionally, Tarnished Archaeologist has highlighted in a number of videos that the large disc found at the foot of Elden John is modeled on the Babylonian world map and I would direct you to both of these creators if you'd like a closer analysis on the ancient civilization. Central to this civilization clearly is the aforementioned Elden John, obviously a figure of some importance to this civilization, a religious figure, prophet or leader. What is interesting is a detail that first came to my attention via Tarnished Archaeologist's video on the ancient civilization where it was pointed out that the tablet held by this preacher has the inscription of a tree upon it. As I explained earlier, I now have a far simpler perspective on the crucible now, that it emerged from the beginning of life on this earth. Thus the tree depicted on the plaque of this preacher is likely just a depiction of the crucible in my opinion. It is therefore possible that this figure was either the Elden Lord or god of a new order, following the fall of the dragons, but that is just unbridled speculation. The main takeaway of this section should be that there were plenty of pre-earth tree civilizations that rose and fell in the foggy past of the Lands Between's early history and who knows how many Elden Lords there could have been between Placidusax and Marika, but we know there were many cultures, societies and practices that existed in this time. For example before the earth tree would come to dominate funerary practices via earth tree burial another force existed to administer such rites, the death birds. We know these rites existed before the earth tree thanks to the description of explosive ghost flame which reads, In the time when there was no earth tree, death was burned in ghost flame. Death birds were the keepers of that fire. We know these rites must have been fairly organised and embedded in society as priests seemingly accompanied these birds, a fact alluded to in the description of death ritual spear. These rites, involving the dead being burned in ghost flame by the death birds, left a significant cultural footprint in the Lands Between as they became symbolic of death itself, much like the skull has for us in the real world. We see this in the mausoleum knights who wear the wings of the death birds on their back signifying their undying service to their lords, whereas the raven mount assassins bear the aesthetic of the death birds and emulate their movement becoming them, representing their role as bringers of death. This shows that this was no mere passing fad and it was deeply ingrained into the minds of people, taking on a symbolic role in their psyche, no doubt as a result of how dominant these practices would have been in the pre-earth tree era. There are countless other examples of small communities and cultures of this era but those are quite beyond the scope of this video. There were also some significant cultural developments taking place in the mountaintops of the giants here, and the best introduction to this is learning of how the fire giants first took these mountains. We learn of this fascinating event via the description of Borealis' Mest which reads ''The ice dragons were once lords of the mountaintops long ago, until they were defeated by the fire giants and chased from the peak.'' These ice dragons follow the physiology of what we know to be modern dragons and so it's worth making a brief diversion to explain these devolved descendants. We know there is indeed an ancestral link between the two subspecies of dragons via lightning strike and we learn of the main difference between modern and ancient dragons via dragon wound Greece which reads the following. When the dragons were born from their ancient kin they lost their stone scales, which can now be used to cause them mortal harm. These are a devolved form that emerged from the ancient dragons and in a lot of ways they are lesser and more bestial in appearance than the regal and intelligent ancient dragons. Indeed this follows the same design choice that we see in Dark Souls. The ancient dragons of that world also had stone scales of immortality and over time they too had devolved kin. In both series the ancient dragons have stone scales and four legs, whereas their lesser drake or modern kin only have two, perhaps being closer to what we'd call a drake. The modern dragons also do not wield lightning as the ancient dragons did, employing more traditional dragon's breath, albeit of different elements depending on their environment or diet. They behave more like animals as well, where the ancient dragons built a civilization, the modern dragons have territories or nests. That being said they aren't fully unintelligent as we get evidence of dragons swearing loyalty to characters like Ranni and the Carians. Ekzykes Decaying Breath talks about his memory and hatred, however these beings are clearly more beast like in their instincts and behaviour. With that said let us return to the ice dragons, Borealis' kin who clearly took roost in the mountaintops of the giants. Then they were driven from here, via the fire giants, but where did these fire giants come from? We get no clear answer on this but what is clear is that they settled here henceforth and began to build the foundations of their own civilization. The giants are far from mindless beasts, we learn that the art of smithing was first developed by these beings via the hammer item description which reads, Hammer comprised of a large stone affixed to a metal handle. Originally a blacksmith's tool. The art of smithing is said to have originated among the giants. This weapon's striking attacks boast ample weight behind them. This is no surprise when we consider the most central artifact of their culture is the great forge which contains the flame of ruin. Given this flame is the manifestation of their god, it's likely that the art of smith was passed down by their god, a fascinating idea when you consider that many would use this art to raise the sword against the same god in the future. Regardless the forge itself is an impressive construction and is similar in style to the other grand arches found in the mountaintops, showing us that the giants were builders. The giants were not alone on the mountaintops however, there are the ancient people known as the Xemor. We learn that these people are old enemies of the giants via their armor set and they would finally get their revenge on the giants by joining with the Erdtree forces, something we learn of via their armor set as well. We don't get the reason behind this animosity, however symbolically it appears elemental and symbolic. While the fire giants represent fire, the Xemor represent the ice of the mountains. Specifically they are associated with the school of frost magic, as we can see from the abilities they use and the Zamor ice spell which reads, Cloaked in icy tempest, the knights of Zamor have challenged the fire giants since ancient times. The rest of the spells in the cold school are associated with the snowy crone and Ranni, and as I speculated in my blood star lore video I believe that the snowy crone learned from the Xemor's original cold magic to develop her own before teaching Ranni and potentially Alberich an interesting legacy to consider. However the fire giants were not hostile to every community they came into contact with, in fact they existed peacefully alongside another culture on the mountaintops, the early astrologers. This is something we learn via the sword of night and flame which reads, Astrologers who preceded the sorcerers established themselves in mountaintops that nearly touched the sky and considered the fire giants their neighbors. As this sword illustrates, the astrologers of the mountaintops are extremely important to the story as they are the ancestors of the glintstone sorcerers and the Carians. While glintstone sorcerers may not continue these traditions directly, they did still evolve from them as is told to us by the preceptors big hat which reads, Glintstone sorcerers are the descendants of astrologers, a fact that the Carians remain aware of. And astrology is still the foundation of Carian culture, more so than the rest of Raya Lucaria. Rennala herself was still an astrologer when she discovered her full moon, a fact told to us by stargazer heirloom which reads, The young astrologer gazed at the night sky as she walked. She had always chased the stars every step of her journey. Then she met the full moon, and in time the astrologer became a queen. So while the Carian's dynasty was founded upon the power of Rennala's moon, they still retain a lot of astrologer practices. For example they employ preceptors, advisors, teachers and fate readers of the Carian royals who are still very much concerned with the reading of fate within the stars. The telescope item description also implies that the Carians relied upon astrology heavily until the reign of the Erdtree, when the two houses would be linked by marriage and likely Carian traditions may have been displaced by Erdtree ones. So this is where the culture of Lyurnia began and where sorcery began and we can find traces of this civilization still in the mountain tops of the giants. We can find astrological basins and of course stargazer ruins, almost certainly the ruins of where these astrologers once lived. At some stage the astrologers will have migrated to the lower basins of Lyurnia, but why did they do this? Well for those who became glintstone sorcerers it will have been because of that miraculous material, glintstone. We know that it was an astrologer who first discovered glintstone and the primeval current thanks to the description of the founding reign of stars which reads, Thought to be the founding glintstone sorcery. The glimpse of the primeval current that the astrologer saw became real and the stars amber rained down on this land. We know that the term stars amber is a reference to glintstone as this is the exact same way the selen describes the material. If glintstone rained down from the sky, and the vast majority of it can be found in Lyurnia, it makes sense that there would be a mass migration down to the basin in order to study this miraculous material. It contains the very life stuff of the stars themselves. Our art draws upon the powers embedded in glintstone. But what is the nature of such power? Gintstone is the amber of the cosmos. Golden amber contains the remnants of ancient life and houses its vitality. While glintstone contains residual life and thus the vitality of the stars. It should not be forgotten that glintstone sorcery is the study of the stars and the life therein. Bringing them far closer to the stars than the towering mountain tops ever could. And in this migration and shift in study we find the very foundations of Lyurnia and the beginnings of glintstone magic. With that all said let us shift our attention back to the crucible and the era immediately preceding the Erdtree. As I stated at the onset of this video, I believe that every event and culture we have examined thus far, up to the start of the Erdtree era, all take place during the time of the crucible. With that said we haven't yet examined the culture and beings who are most thematically linked with the crucible so let's do that now. As I've noted the crucible was the prior form of the Erdtree and thus it is no surprise that in these early times it would have taken on a similar role in a religious sense. This is very much told to us directly by the crucible knot, feather and scale talismans. A vestige of the crucible of primordial life. Born partially of devolution it was considered a signifier of the divine in ancient times but is now increasingly distained as an impurity as civilization has advanced. As you can no doubt sense from the wording used here, there is a clear thematic distinction being made between the age of the Erdtree and the age of the crucible. The age of the crucible is one of rampant warfare, chaotic and violent life whereas the age of the Erdtree is the onset of civilization and order. Indeed also separating these two periods are the colours associated with them. While both are represented by gold which is fitting given the connection to The Greater Will they are different shades of gold. We learn of how red gold is associated with the crucible via the gilded great shield, the shield of Godrick's knights and it reads the following. The red tinge in the gold coat mirrors the primordial matter that became the Erdtree, the colour of homeward yearning. We see this red gold present in other elements associated with the crucible to reinforce this idea such as in the armour of the crucible knights and the red gold lightning of the ancient dragons as pointed out by Last protagonist in his excellent great tree video, Why Red Gold? Well I think Hawkshaw answers this question perfectly in his incredible Elden Ring colours video which I will link below. In this video Hawkshaw stresses the importance of various colours and their thematic meaning within the story of Elden Ring with red often representing animal impulses, violence, rage and lust but also just generally that it is linked to vitality and life which Hawkshaw illustrates by showing how many red coloured items in Elden Ring are associated with HP. The example of red that most resonated with me from Hawkshaw's video is the red blood of beasts. This is fitting for the crucible, the source of primordial untamed life. As such the beings and characters associated with the crucible should represent this idea of chaotic unbridled vitality and violence should the thematics hold true and they do. The crucible talismans we looked at earlier correspond to two main forms of life, the knot talisman for the omen and the scale and feather for the misbegotten as each represent a chaotic element of these life forms out of control growths. We know the misbegotten are directly connected to the crucible thanks to the description of the winged misbegotten spirotache which reads the following. The misbegotten are held to be a punishment for making contact with the crucible and from birth they are treated as slaves or worse. The misbegotten are mismatched chimeric creatures with all sorts of vestigial limbs and wings growing from their bodies that serve no real purpose. It is just uncontrolled growth, life for the sake of life. There is no uniformity to their kind. They are chaos incarnate. In a lot of ways the themes behind the misbegotten and the crucible more generally are in line with the bed of chaos and demons from Dark Souls. Both of the bed of chaos and the crucible are a source of raw life and both have similar physical forms, taking after a chaotic tree. The other creatures connected to the crucible are the omen and aesthetically they line up with the crucible, brutish creatures of immense strength and violence covered in chaotic vestigial horns. Then of course there are the human warriors most associated with this era, the legendary and powerful crucible knights adorned in the red gold and chaotic affectations of the crucible. They are able to summon the power of the crucible at will and there is almost no better illustration of the crucible than these aspects of the crucible. Each variation brings forth an animal element, wings, horns and tails, once again reinforcing the crucible's connection to life. Savage warriors for a savage age. None more savage than the man these knights are associated with, Hoa Lu who would become Godfrey, first Elden Lord. We learn of this association via their armor set which reads, Armor of the Crucible, Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. This is how we know that Hoa Lu was associated with the crucible, though one only needs to have fought Godfrey's second stage to see how easily he fits into this age of violence and beasts. Hoa Lu is the persona Godfrey becomes when he is later banished from the Lands Between But it was also his original name and character, a fact we learn from Hoa Lu's Remembrance which states that Godfrey became a simple warrior once more. He was Hoa Lu in the age before the Erdtree and he reverted to this persona following his fall from grace. In the time of Hoa Lu, no doubt the Chieftain had become a leader through a might makes right mantra which is more or less stated in the description of the Acts of Godfrey which reads the following, In the days of the past a crown was warranted with strength. Indeed we get further evidence that this is the case thanks to Hoa Lu's Badland tribes that seem to revert to his old ways following his banishment from the Lands Between. We learn of their ways via the Champion Headband which reads, Headband reserved for the Badlands Bravest, proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes. Following the example of their Chieftain Hoa Lu, the brave warriors of the Badlands shun excess adornment. While the Badland tribes are Hoa Lu's culture, after his banishment and time as Elden Lord, we can assume that it is also representative of his attitudes and values in the age of the Crucible as well. He is Hoa Lu in both instances after all. We learn a lot of Godfrey's victories, at the time when he was Lord of the Battlefield and Consort to Marika, but we don't learn much directly about Hoa Lu's conquests prior to him becoming Elden Lord. There is one of relevance that I would like to mention and that is his potential conflict with Serosh. We know Serosh was once known as Lord of Beasts via the Beastclaw Greathammer which reads, The black nails protruding from golden fur are said to represent Serosh, Lord of Beasts, who went to become King Godfrey's regent. He was once Lord of Beasts and then became Godfrey's regent, my assumption being that Godfrey defeated Serosh but respected the lion's council and strength, thus sparing him. It's clear that this union would be important to Godfrey either way as Serosh himself would become the sigil of the golden lineage. There is certainly more to be said about Hoa Lu's earlier days, for example Tarnished Archaeologist makes a compelling argument that Round Table Hold is part of early Hoa Lu culture, given it bears the lion heraldry of the golden lineage and it's rustic design sets it apart from High Leendell, suggesting it does indeed come from an earlier time. It is worth noting that a lot of the warriors who will have fought with Godfrey in the early days at this stage will have been the ancestors of the Tarnished. As we know from one of Marika's speeches, it was Godfrey's warriors who would become the banished Tarnished. Is it not fitting therefore that our ancestors once gathered around the Round Table of Leendell as we do now in the grace sustained copy? Either way it is clear that Hoa Lu was the greatest warrior of this era, a mighty chieftain, and thus it is no surprise that Marika chose him to be her consort. Marika needed a warrior, as we know from Godfrey's own armour set, that the age of the Erdtree began in conflict, and who better to champion the Erdtree's ascension than Hoa Lu. Before we discuss the wars of the Erdtree we need to discuss the main player in this period of time, Queen Marika the Eternal. At some stage in the era before the Erdtree a mysterious people would arrive in this world, a people called the Numen. We learn of their arrival and nature via the relevant appearance preset, and it reads the following, the face of the Numen supposed descendants of denizens of another world, long lived but seldom born. These beings are humanoids that are not native to this terrestrial plane, and they do appear to be different, supernatural even. Lastly there is of course their long lives which no doubt is the source of Marika's moniker, the Eternal as well as the reason the Eternal cities are called Eternal but we will talk about the Nox shortly. There are further thematic hints about the otherworldly nature of the Numen via the original Japanese for the Numen which is Maribito. Maribito are spirits from Japanese mythology who come from afar or other worlds to bring gifts and wisdom. So at some stage these beings arrived from another world to settle in the lands between, and this is where we start to touch on lore that would certainly be touched upon in the DLC. The flavour text for the DLC tells us that the land of shadows is the place where Marika first set foot, highly suggesting that these were the lands that the Numen first made landfall. There is also something extremely interesting that was said by Miyazaki in an interview with Famitsu in which he said, This is where it all happened. For the two years following the base game's release this has been a gap in the lore that we have tried to theorise around. As we have noted, the crucible was the prior form of the Erdtree, and at some stage the Erdtree must have emerged from the crucible to usher in a new age and bring order and civilization. But how and why? The DLC now promises to answer those questions, and with the twisted tree in the distance and the links to the crucible seen in the DLC, I am very excited to find out how this transition happened and what Marika did in order to stimulate this change. But all we know for now is this, Marika's people arrived in this world and she was chosen as Empyrean. And we learn of this status thanks to Maliketh's Remembrance which reads, The emergence of the Erdtree and Marika as a new potential god seems to have triggered a war in the Lands Between, as protection of the Erdtree reads, was a rich place full of different cultures, religious and burial practices, and now here comes a new power, a power of conformity and order that promises to wash away the ideals and practices of old and dominate the lands. It is easy to see that many would not be fond of what the Erdtree represented, and they were right to fear it, given the fact that elements more associated with the crucible would soon become oppressed, isolated and enslaved under this new order. Hoarah Loux's transformation into Godfrey is itself an illustration of the transition from the crucible to the Erdtree era. We know that the chieftain known as Hoarah Loux became the lordly Godfrey in order to conduct himself in a way more becoming for the new age of civilization. He did this by taking on his two most iconic symbols, both of which neutered his bestial, animal-esque nature, his axe and his lion companion, Seirosh. The description of his axe tells us that it was symbolic of his vow to conduct himself more like a lord, from chieftain to lord. Godfrey's companion, Seirosh, while a remnant of the beasts and their civilization, does not add to Hoarah Loux's violent nature, but in fact serves to drain it. We learn of this via the Godfrey icon which reads, Godfrey was a ferocious warrior. When he vowed to become a lord, he took the beast regent Seirosh upon his back to suppress the ceaseless lust for battle that raged within. Indeed this was no doubt what was expected of a lord of this new order. As Hawkshaw points out in his colours video, the ruler's mask precisely outlines what is expected of a ruler in a civilised society as it reads, One at the centre of society often finds these qualities most expedient. It's clear that as the world changed with the coming of civilization, Godfrey had to become a different man and a different leader. But this doesn't mean that the fighting was done, after all we know that Godfrey was the lord of the battlefield and his armour details a number of conflicts. This is the era I call the Erdtree Wars, the war for supremacy that brought the lands under the control of Marika's Erdtree Order. But really the most pivotal moment of this era, and the conflict we know most about, is the War of the Giants. We know this was the final conflict in this era because of the relevant War Memorial which reads, The end of this conflict marked the beginning of the Erdtree era proper, the last of its great enemies to fall. This passage also touches on the likely reason that the Erdtree forces declared war on the giants, fear of the flame. Fear of the flame has long been a part of Erdtree society, and we see this demonstrated in the item description for Fire's Deadly Sin which reads, Cardinal Sin to me implies this was one of the first fears and rules laid down by the early Erdtree Order. It seems as though prophets would begin to have visions of the Tree of Flame, the Catch Flame incantation tells us more about such prophecies, as it reads, The flame of ruin is anathema to the Erdtree, but prophets sometimes glimpse it within the faith all the same. Sadly when this occurs their sole reward is banishment. The Erdtree Order tried to suppress such prophecies as we learn such prophets would have been ostracised. Indeed this seems to be the role of the prophet starting class, the flavour text for which reads, A seer ostracised for inauspicious prophecies, and their robe set reads something similar and reinforcing, that the prophet starting class saw this vision in particular is the fact it does indeed start with the Catch Flame incantation. Indeed a connection seems to be made between these visions and the Flame of Ruin, Catch Flame even mentions it in the same breath as such prophecies, and I have no doubt it was the fear of these visions that brought the Erdtree forces to the mountain tops. The seriousness of this conflict is reflected in the fact that both Godfrey and Marika personally took to the field in this battle. We know that Godfrey was there thanks to his armour set and we know Marika was there because she gave a rousing speech to her army on the slopes of the mountain. Hark, brave warriors. Hark, my lord Godfrey. We commend your deeds. Guidance hath delivered ye through each ordeal to the place ye stand. Put the giants to the sword and confine the flame atop the mount. Let a new epoch begin, an epoch glistening with life. Brandish the Elden Ring for the age of the Erdtree. It is also said that she defeated the Fell God herself, something we learn of via One Eyed Shield which reads, Once worshipped by the giants, this evil deity is believed to have been slain by Queen Marika. Regardless Marika and Godfrey both took to the field and the well have been joined by their army, Godfrey's crucible knights and the Xammar who we know took this opportunity to finish off their old enemies thanks to their armour which hails them as heroes of this war. It is little wonder then that the fire giants faced complete obliteration against such overwhelming odds, yet the actual nature of how they died has always been an interesting conversation and is something I most recently addressed in my Bloodstar lore video. The corpses of the giants are all impaled on a thorny spear which appears to have shot straight out of the ground, piercing the face of the Fell God before ripping their body apart from the inside with thorns. It suggests magic and I have always had two main theories. The first is that this is an unknown power of Marika and the Erdtree. At this time Marika is brandishing the power of the Elden Ring and the Erdtree is young, who knows what power she would have been able to wield at this time. We also know thorns can be associated with the Erdtree as well, given Radagon uses thorns to block the interior of the Erdtree. However the other theory is the one I lend more credence to, that these staves are the work of thorn sorcery. In the years following the War with the Giants, the Erdtree dynasty would seal the mountaintop, guarding the remains of the Flame of Ruin through a special order, the Firemonks. Serving among these monks are exiled criminals, these thorn sorcerers, who we know were punished by being blinded with thorns thanks to their signature Briars of Sin spell which reads An aberrant sorcery discovered by exiled criminals. Theirs are the sorceries most reviled by the Academy. The guilty, their eyes gouged by thorns, lived in eternal darkness. There they discovered the Blood Star. The proximity of these sorcerers to the battlefield are enough to question whether they are linked to the mighty staves that pierce the Giants, never mind the thorny nature of the staves themselves. The main thing for me however is the fact the Firemonk camps even in Lyurnia have these staves surrounding them. To me this suggests that the thorn sorcerers at the camp summoned them, just as they did those spears long ago. Either way the Giants were defeated, at least almost all of them were, as we find a solitary fire giant at the mount of flame. But why? Why not wipe them out entirely? Well that is a question answered by the fire giant's remembrance which reads the following. The fire giant is a survivor of the war against the Giants. Upon realizing the flames of their forge would never die, Queen Marca marked him with a curse. O trifling giant, mayest thou tend thy flame for eternity. The flame of ruin would not be permanently quelled, and thus one giant was left alive to tend to it. While the mountain of ruin was sealed and watched over by the order of the Firemonks who in time would come to emulate the Giants and worship their charge. The remnants of the old order had been swept away and the era of the Erdtree began. Before we discuss the Erdtree era, we do need to discuss a very important Numen subculture. The Nox of the Eternal Cities. When we meet the Nox in game, they exist underground and the Eternal Cities exist around the remains of the ancient civilization. There are a number of reasons why myself and others believe the Nox are an offshoot of the Numen. Firstly, there is the dialogue from Rogier who identifies the assassins as Scions of the Eternal Cities, but they are also tied to the Numen via their armor description, suggesting the people of the Eternal Cities and the Numen are one and the same. The next piece of evidence comes from the environmental storytelling of the Third Fallen Eternal City. This city has been long abandoned by the Nox, destroyed in some calamity, but nearby there is a giant ant colony. These ants are somewhat modeled after the real world Honeypot Ants, which bloat when they feed in order to store food. We can see that ants in this game have the habit of feasting on corpses, as many can be found doing so in Ansel River, with the bloated ones dropping the runes of those they have consumed. It is therefore very telling that the bloated ants found next to the fallen Eternal City exclusively drop Numen runes, further emphasizing the fact that the Nox that once inhabited this city were Numen. The Nox were not always located underground, and this is something we learn from the Nox Monk Set which reads the following. Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of The Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege, of the coming age of the stars, and their lord of night. What did the Nox do to evoke the ire of The Greater Will? Well they were involved in the night of the black knives, but this is a far more recent event and I doubt it would be described as taking place long ago. Instead I believe the Nox killed, or at least attempted to kill, one of The Greater Wills two fingers, and this act of sacrilege earned their banishment below ground. If we choose to work with Ranni, we learn that she is trying to free herself from her two fingers. While being Empyrean, she was assigned one in her youth. In order to do so, she asks us to retrieve a certain artifact from the Eternal Cities. The Fingerslayer Blade, a special knife that has the ability to kill the two fingers. The item description for this blade reads the following. The hidden treasure of the Eternal City of Nokron, a blade said to have been born of a corpse. This blood drenched fetish is proof of the high treason committed by the Eternal City and symbolises its downfall. Cannot be wielded by those without a fate, but is said to be able to harm The Greater Will and its vassals. This blade is very special and was clearly made of some dark forbidden magic. The description also tells us that this is a blood drenched knife, and this is before Ranni uses it on her own two fingers, leaving me to conclude that the Nox had already used it on a two fingers in the past. Whatever the reason, it is clear that the Nox are no friends to The Greater Will or Marika's rule. Once they were Numen, now they are the red eyed Nox. Even their name, which is Latin for night, seems to have been chosen to represent their opposing ideas. The armour set we just read tells us the ultimate goal of the Nox, to bring about the Age of Stars and their Lord of Night, in this they have a common cause with Ranni and perhaps this is why Scions of the Eternal City work with her during the Night of the Black Knives. Indeed like Ranni, the Eternal Cities seem to have a patron moon that they aligned themselves with, the Black Moon of Nokstella. We hear about this celestial entity via the Moon of Nokstella Talisman, which reads the following. This legendary talisman is a treasure of Nokstella, the Eternal City. This talisman represents the lost Black Moon. The Moon of Nokstella was the guide of countless stars. It perhaps little wonder then, that the Nox have also heard about the Age of Stars and sought to bring it about. Though the Black Star is now gone, it is clear that the Nox resorted to some rather heretical means to raise up their Lord of Night. It seems as though they turned to Dark Sciences and Alchemy to further their goals and to artificially create their Lord of Night. Noxian Alchemy is extremely impressive and is one of my favourite pieces of lore, for example the Nox seem able to distill the fate latent within the stars, in order to manipulate the fate itself through various potions. We see this in the Celestial Dew, a fate altering product that appears to undo aggressions of the past. Even Radagon cleansed himself with this liquid, following the Leurnian Wars and before his marriage to Rennala. There is also the Puppet Draft, something that is made from starlight shards, again distilling the power of the stars, in order to shackle the fate of an unfortunate victim. These are impressive feats, but more important to their aim of raising up a Lord of Night seems to be found in their works of artificial life. The act of creating artificial life in of itself is a heretical act and this is something indicated to us by the greatest lore item in the game, the Albinauric Blood Clot, which reads the following. Albinauric's are life forms made by human hands, thus many believe them to live impure lives untouched by the Erdtries grace. Firstly there are the Dragonkin soldiers, dragon-human hybrids who we learn about via frozen lightning spear, which reads, the Dragonkin were born in the Eternal City, where they knew no true sky, nor true lightning. Instead, ice lightning was their weapon. As to why the Nox created the Dragonkin, we can but guess, it was clearly intended to be a powerful weapon or an attempt at creating a Lord of Night. Given the dragons were the ruling force in ages past, an Elden Lord among them, it isn't too difficult to believe that the Nox would look to the past for their Lord of Night. However these abominations were clearly abject failures and so other artificial life forms would be created in pursuit of their aims. We had mentioned the Albinauric's before and there is plenty of circumstantial evidence that the Nox were the original creators of these beings. The main piece of evidence is actually a cut dialogue from Sops who would have said, oh one more thing, beware the Albinauric's, accursed souls born of a forbidden rite of the Eternal City. The curse withered the legs of the old, and silenced the tongues of the frogs, and now they hold deep grudges for anyone left untouched. Aside from this, the very fact that the Nox are so involved in alchemy and artificial life means they are the most likely to have created these beings, a case of Occam's Razor. Then there are the Silver and Mimic Tears, which also appear to have been created by the Eternal Cities. The evidence in game is circumstantial, the fact these enemies are found solely in the Eternal Cities being the main factor. However there was a cut NPC in quest that would have directly linked these beings to the Eternal Cities. There was going to be a special Mimic Tear called Assimi who would latch onto you in a sort of symbiotic relationship. She would provide you power, while she would slowly copy your form. During this quest Assimi would have asked you to visit the Eternal Cities and seek out the source of her people. And I quote this cut dialogue now. Great Lord Host, a Tear Chalice lies in these lands too. A Tear Chalice lies in these lands. Our Mother Chalice, please search out this most sacred Chalice. It's suffused with the blessed wonders of the stars. It will allow us to become a perfect whole. There is a lot more to say about the Eternal Cities and I have said it in numerous videos. For the purposes of this video however, I believe we have covered the absolute basics of these fascinating people. The early days of Erdtree rule appear to be very heady days. Days of great bounty and life. It is also known as the Age of Plenty. We hear of this era via items like the Icon Shield and the Sacred Dew Talisman. It was the Age of Plenty because the literal sap of the tree would drip from its boughs, as told to us by the Sacred Dew Talisman. The dried amber would become treasured relics of this era and Godfrey's early rule as the amber medallions read the following. A medallion with crimson amber inlaid. The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the Age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord. A primordial life energy resides inside. As we have discussed, the Erdtree itself is the locus of life. The new form of the crucible and the source of all life. Thus it is no surprise that its sap contains the essence of life itself. As we can see from the gameplay effect of the amber, there were benefits to be had from possessing this sap, perhaps even extending one's life or curing illnesses. It is suggested that Queen Marika herself would bestow these blessings upon her people as the Erdtree's Favour Talisman reads, It is said that when the Age of the Erdtree began, such blessings were personally bestowed upon their recipients by Queen Marika herself. So yes, this age of plenty was the earliest period of Erdtree rule when the era began and we can more broadly categorise this as the ancient Erdtree era. Tarnished archeologist in a video called Creeds of the Erdtree offered a very compelling analysis of the different ages of the Erdtree, divided into three main periods, illustrated by the relevant schools of incantations. The ancient Erdtree era, era of Erdtree worship and golden order fundamentalism. This ancient Erdtree era would be comprised of the late crucible era and the age of plenty, given it contains both the aspects of the crucible and age of plenty associated incantations. For example, Erdtree heal is named an ancient Erdtree incantation and it clearly refers to the age of plenty in its description as it reads, Well the first explanation is that it just simply dried up. The sap was a byproduct of the crucible and thus as time progressed, the sap stopped. However there is another theory, again presented by tarnished archeologist in that same video I referenced earlier. In it, TA suggests that the original form of the Erdtree was more arboreal, instead of the phantom version that stands today and that the original form was burned to the ground. The evidence TA illustrates is mainly the ash found in Lendell when we first arrive, when we later burn the Erdtree. Lendell does indeed get buried in ash, but where then did the original ash come from? Note the ash reaches even Marika's bedchamber, suggesting the ash must have come from above and doors and windows have been sealed, as if to protect the interiors from the influx of ash and this all predates our burning of the tree. The original Erdtree burned down only to be replaced by a phantom one. I feel these are the type of questions that will get somewhat answered in the DLC, but for now I will leave it to you to decide. However there is one final event that I feel falls in the latter part of the ancient Erdtree era, and that is the Godskin God Hunt. The reason I place this event here is mainly down to the Black Blade incantation, a reflection of Maliketh's Death-Embued Blade, which has the sigil of the ancient Erdtree era as its sigil. For a more in depth discussion in general regarding the placement of this event, I would refer you to my Gloam-Eyed Queen lore video. This movement was centred around the figure known as the Gloam-Eyed Queen and we can learn a little about them via Black Flame Ritual which reads the following. The Gloam-Eyed Queen led the Apostles. It is said that she was an Empyrean chosen by the Fingers. As we discussed earlier in the video, Empyreans are those elected by the Two Fingers as potential candidates for godhood. Meaning this Gloam-Eyed Queen was a sanctioned candidate of The Greater Will, and thus the sinister Godskin God Hunt is just a dynastic struggle in the grand scheme of things. Only The Greater Will was happy for this to play out how it would, with an order of death being as viable as Marikaz. Of course the Gloam-Eyed Queen's army was made up of the Godskin Apostles, beings who wielded the Black Flame of Death. The Gloam-Eyed Queen seemingly raised these beings from birth, a fact learned from the Godskin Swaddlingcloth which reads, The Gloam-Eyed Queen cradles newborn apostles swaddled in this cloth. Soon they will grow to become the death of the gods. To me this suggests that the Godskins are not naturally born and recruited from normal populations. They are created for this singular purpose and raised by the Gloam-Eyed Queen from birth. One speculative idea is that the Godskins are either beings created from the Queen's magic infused with the power of the Black Flame from birth, perfect vessels for its power. Indeed it is suggested that the Godskins literally hold the Black Flame within them as Black Flame's protection reads, The apostles were all embraced by the Gloam-Eyed Queen, and the Black Flame was their armor within. The other potential is that these are artificial life forms created by the type of alchemy we already examined when we looked at the Nox. We learn that this flame harnessed the power of the Rune of Death and could slay the gods as Scouring Black Flame reads, The Black Flame could once slay gods, but when Maliketh sealed Destined Death, the true power of the Black Flame was lost. This of course would make the Godskins fearsome opponents to Marika and her family. The item description of Noble Presence makes it clear that this was a god hunt, with the Apostles actively seeking to murder the gods and their followers. Their robes themselves are extremely suggestive. Are they truly made of godskin? If so how many of Marika's kin fell to these apostles before being skinned? However the item description only says that it is made of skin and there is evidence that it is regular human skin. For at the Windmill town of Dominulla there is an unusual festival taking place. The grim nature of the festival becomes clear when you speak to the ghost of one of the villagers. This is a skinning festival and at the top of the village is a godskin apostle. My take has always been that this apostle has manipulated the inhabitants of the village so that it may provide a fresh supply of skins for godskin robes. Regardless the psychological effect of these robes will have no doubt struck fear into the heart of the Erdtree pantheon. Coupled with their god slaying flame and led by an Empyrean, it must have been quite the terrifying time for the gods. However gods salvation came in the form of Marika's shadowbound beast, Maliketh, who is said to have defeated the godskin apostles. Maliketh is a powerful warrior no doubt, but part of his power seems to have come from his blade which he imbued with the power of destined death itself. Something told to us by his armor set which reads, Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyal half brother, bore a blade imbued with destined death and there was not one demigod who did not fear him. Not only did Maliketh defeat the apostles, but he seemingly defeated the Gloam-Eyed Queen herself, as the god slayers greatsword reads, Sacred sword of the Gloam-Eyed Queen who controlled the godskin apostles before her defeat at the hands of Maliketh. Thus the rebellion ended, but what happened to the Gloam-Eyed Queen? Well her identity has been a long debated aspect of Elden Ring lore, but to get right to it, I have always believed that Melina was once the Gloam-Eyed Queen. Of course my main evidence for believing so is the ending of the frenzied flame where Melina unveils her sealed eye, revealing it to be purple, very much a color one may associate with Gloam, and of course she threatens us with the power of destined death. The power once wielded by the Gloam-Eyed. There is further significance to this reveal that I pointed out in my Gloam-Eyed Queen video, and that is the timing of this reveal. Should you choose the frenzied flame path, Melina will abandon you and she isn't sacrificed at the flame of ruin. Thus this is the only time she survives past the point that the ruin of death is unsealed, and at the same time her eye is unsealed. For me it is circumstantial evidence that Melina's eye is tied to the power of destined death, much as the Gloam-Eyed Queen was. Next we can consider Melina's unusual state of being, she tells us. The first thing of interest here is that Melina exists burned and bodiless, meaning she is existing in a spirit form. This does seem to be somewhat analogous to Ranni's present form, who also exists without a body and who is also able to appear and disappear at will. As for the burned part, while Maliketh wielded the red flame of destined death within his sword, so is it possible that Melina, when she was defeated by Maliketh, was burned to death by his flame? Indeed we can still see the burn marks on her spirit body now, and we know that the rune of death can kill in body while leaving the spirit intact, as this is how Ranni also uses the rune of death. My speculation is that Marika ordered Maliketh to kill Melina only in body so she could later use Melina for another purpose, perhaps to guide a chosen tarnish to the foot of the Erdtree and sacrifice herself to undo Radagon's meddling. There is also the fact that Melina names Marika as her mother, and if she is the Gloam-Eyed Queen then it very much highlights the fact that this is a dynastic struggle. It also ties into the other connections I alluded to earlier, the potential connections to the Eternal Cities. First of all if Melina is Marika's daughter she is Numen and thus would already have some blood ties to the Eternal Cities. If you summon Melina in the fight against Morgott you will also notice that she has the same fighting style as the Blackknife Assassins, themselves Scions of the Eternal Cities, again suggesting some connection between Melina and these people. Next she is called the Gloam-Eyed Queen and the Nox are a matriarchal society and it therefore wouldn't be too much of a surprise if they names Melina as their queen, in anticipation of her overthrowing Marika and becoming the new god. Then of course there are the artificial elements we discussed earlier, and all of these potential connections fit if Melina, the daughter of Queen Marika, was also the Gloam-Eyed Queen. The final thing we need to discuss is the sealing of the Rune of Death, this is an important moment to try and place within the timeline. I used to mistakenly believe that Maliketh sealed the Rune of Death during this conflict and that the moment he took its power within his blade that this was it being sealed, and that he did this to sap their power essentially. However this is just incorrect as the Apostles Robe tells us that it was after their defeat that Maliketh sealed Destined Death. I therefore believe that this sealing is actually something that happened much later, following the Knight of the Blackknives and the theft of the Rune of Death's power, following which Maliketh would seal the Rune within his own flesh. I do however believe that it was this event that marked the start of the Golden Order, as Enya states that the Rune of Death was plucked from the Elden Ring upon the creation of the Golden Order. It was taken from the Elden Ring and placed within the sword of Maliketh, who wielded it, serving as Marika's feared enforcer. Perhaps it was even the Godskins who brought about the first burning of the Erdtree and brought the Age of Plenty to a close. V Limit in an excellent video about flames within Elden Ring highlights an old cut version of Enya's dialogue that would have played at the point where we unleash the Rune of Death. She used to say, the Rune of Death is unbound. Black flames have devoured the Erdtree and the lands between are shrouded by Death's dark fate. With the Age of Plenty over and following the destruction of the Godskins, a new era would begin. The rule of the Golden Order and the Age of Erdtree Faith. We can assume that the Erdtree military would have been somewhat reformed in this period of the Erdtree Faith following the Age of Plenty, given the knights and soldiers of Leyndell bear the sigil of the Erdtree Faith, not the Ancient Erdtree. This makes sense as we can imagine as the Age of Plenty passed, the culture of Leyndell would undergo significant changes and begin to shake off the elements of the Crucible. Those that would be considered crude. For example the Crucible knights were likely sidelined at this stage given the description of their gauntlets which read, In time the strength shown by these knights, and even their appearance, was seen as chaotic and deserving of scorn. It would therefore make sense for the Erdtree forces to make a standing army of its own, more in line with its beliefs if the Crucible knights were banished at this time. This new force would not rely on the strength of the Crucible, instead would rely on various protective incantations that invoke the Erdtree's power. One of these incantations links this era to one of the more interesting conflicts in the story. The conflict known as the Liurnia Wars, as the Barrier of Gold reads, One of the incantations of Erdtree worship. This incantation was used by the champions of the Erdtree in the First and Second Liurnia Wars during which the red haired Radagon joined the heroes ranks. So this is very much a war that took place in the post Age of Plenty era, but still under Godfrey's reign, as Radagon is merely a champion at this time, not yet an Elden Lord. Indeed it is Radagon who takes centre stage during this conflict, not Godfrey, as we hear plenty about his heroics. For example one of the relevant sword monuments reads, The First Liurnia War. Radagon's glory burns red as his hair. He also wasn't just a champion during this conflict, rather it appears as though he was the leader of the Erdtree forces, as Mariel says the following. We can learn some details about these battles. For example, despite the fact the Erdtree forces were likely much larger, the Carian Knights were so skilled that they were able to match the greatest among the champions of gold. As the Carian's Knight Sword reads, These Knight's swords could serve as catalysts, letting them wield sorceress battle skills. Despite numbering fewer than twenty, this power made them a match for even the champions of gold in battle. The results of the war also speak for themself. The Carians were able to hold the superior forces of the Erdtree to a standstill as a sword monument reads, The Second Liurnia War. No victory for the Golden, nor for the Moon. No prize but atonement. The birth of a vow. The wars of Leornia instead end an alliance. An alliance sealed by joining the two houses via the marriage of Radagon and Queen Rennala. This symbolic union took place at the equally symbolic Church of Vows and Mariel describes these events to us as he says, Radagon once cleansed himself with celestial dew, repented his territorial aggressions and swore his love to Rennala. The order of the Erdtree and the fate of the Moon were conjoined, and all the wounds of war forgiven. This miracle blesses the Church to this day, and so you need only follow Radagon's example to restore any bond, however strained or severed, to its rightful state of harmony. This marriage is an important event in the history of the Lands Between, as not only does it bind the Lands Between together through an important alliance, but it has many other effects, such as the erosion of Carian traditions and of course the birth of some extremely important characters. Ranni, Rykard and Radahn are all born of this marriage and each would go on to have a profound effect on the Lands Between. Perhaps most importantly, the marriage would change Radagon as a person and his learning here would provide the foundations on which he would build Golden Order fundamentalism. The Radagon icon reads, As the husband of Rennala of Caria, the red-haired Radagon studied sorcery, and as the husband of Queen Marika, he studied incantations. Thus did the hero aspire to be complete. We will return to the relevance this has to fundamentalism later, but just bear in mind that Radagon learned a lot from his marriage to Rennala, and it was the source of his desire for holism. At some stage during Radagon's marriage to Rennala, another significant event would take place, likely a result of the evolving ideals surrounding civilization and the desire to shed any attachments to the crucible era. The event I am referring to is the banishment of Godfrey and his warriors. We hear about this event via Marika's own words, In Marika's own words, my lord, and thy warriors, I divest each of thee of thy grace. With thine eyes dimmed, ye will be driven from the Lands Between. Ye will wage war in a land afar. Where ye will live and die. This is the origin of the tarnished, with the term tarnished, referring to their graceless status, a tarnishing of their honor, and standing within the Lands of Grace. We then learn that Godfrey led his people on a long march to find a new home, an event referenced in both Hoarah Loux's remembrance and in his axe's description. This was so great a journey that even his mighty axe was shattered in one of the many battles of this Odyssey. Upon settling Godfrey return to being Hoarah Loux, ruling over a new tribe in a region known as the Badlands, however we know the tarnished spread far and wide, we can choose various starting classes and races that speak to the diversity of the tarnished peoples. The fact that tarnished can be of all races, including the Newman for example, tell us that they are not a people necessarily connected by blood, but it is a shared heritage. Miyazaki himself discussed the nature of the tarnished in a pre-release interview with IGN where he said, So the tarnished, you could call them tarnished individuals who have lost grace, and this was a long time preceding the setting of the game, a long time before. The ancestors of the characters that are present in the world were banished and exiled from the lands between these tarnished. Despite their banishment there also seems to be a strong loyalty to the Two Fingers and The Greater Will embedded in their culture. For example there is an organisation known as the Confessors, a group very much connected to the tarnished. The Kripus Black Key Crossbow tells us that the head confessor is a member of Round Table Hold, and thus a tarnished. Kripus also links the confessors to the Round Table Assassins, as the creepus vial talks about these Round Table killers, and given he is the head confessor, it means that the confessors and these assassins are one and the same. With that in mind if we look at the incantations of these assassins we can learn that they are identified as tarnished. For example the Darkness Incantation reads the following, The assassins were themselves once tarnished who had strayed Nancy from guidance and they pursued their duty in the darkness that is without grace so the Confessors are a tarnished organization operating from Round Table Hold, and are so zealous in their loyalty to the Two Fingers that they will hunt down their fellow tarnished if displayed by the other. The Confessor Hood tells us more about the tarnished association with the Two Fingers as it reads the following. The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace. The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies. This item description has a lot of interesting detail. Firstly it tells us that these churches spread the religion of the Two Fingers in the countries outside of the Lands Between. Secondly, it reinforces how loyal these tarnished are to the Two Fingers. They spread their message far and wide and they will kill any who oppose the Two Fingers. There is another interesting interaction which reinforces the idea that the tarnished are often considered to be servants of the Two Fingers as when we first arrive in the Lands Between. Bernal asks us if our faith in the guidance of grace holds firm. If we confirm that it does, he says the following. Does your faith in the guidance of grace hold firm, despite the collapse of the golden order? Yes, you're a tarnished through and through. Takes me back. But that's a quality needed now more than ever. Any interest in bearing the torch of my battle arts? All I know is the sword. Picked up a fair few tricks in my time too. Now's the time to pass them on to a good and proper tarnished like you. This is the expected mindset of a tarnished and I have personally always found it fascinating that the tarnished have retained their loyalty to the Lands of Grace, despite their banishment from it. With Godfrey vacating the throne, the power vacuum would be filled by none other than Radagon himself, who would abandon his marriage suddenly in order to return to Leendell and this is told to us by Mirielle who says the following. However, when Godfrey, First Elden Lord, was hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon left Renala to return to the Irtree capital, becoming Queen Marika's second husband and king consort, making the title of Second Elden Lord. The mystery endures to this day as to why Lord Radagon would cast Lady Renala aside and moreover, why a mere champion would be chosen for the seat of Elden Lord. With that said, the time has come for us to discuss Radagon and his era of Golden Order fundamentalism. Marielle asks an important question. Why was Radagon a mere champion chosen to become the Elden Lord that would replace the Great Lord Godfrey? The answer will be apparent for anyone who has played the game and uncovered Radagon's secret at Leendell. Radagon is Marika. Marika and Radagon are two egos that inhabit the same physical form, a reality that we witness in the climactic battle of the game, where Marika is transformed before our very eyes into Radagon. But how did this come to pass? Was Radagon always a part of Marika or did he once exist as his own person before being fused with Marika? I have always been in the school of thought that believes Radagon has always existed as a part of Marika and that he was never his own individual. Radagon seems to have no history prior to the Lornian Wars, where he seemingly appears out of nowhere and is leading the Erdtree forces. I believe there is plenty of evidence to suggest that Radagon was indeed already part of Marika at even this stage. Firstly, he is leading the entirety of the Erdtree forces without having earned this position, but this makes sense if Radagon is actually Marika. There is also the fact that it is Radagon who makes the decision to stop the Erdtree's territorial aggression and to instead make peace with Lyurnia through marriage, as Mariel says the following. Who is Radagon to make massive political decisions? Why is a mere champion of the Erdtree order deciding when territorial aggressions need to end and alliances are to be formed? There are further details regarding Radagon's marriage to Rennala that hint at the fact Radagon was indeed Marika at this stage and that steps were taken to maintain the privacy of this fact. The Carian preceptors were important advisors to the Carian royals and thus would have been in close contact with both Rennala and Radagon. It is therefore interesting that the description of their masks, the Mask of Confidence, reads the following. When Radagon married Rennala he ordered the Carian magic preceptors to don these masks, to make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private. So if we accept that Radagon has always been a part of Marika then we do need to consider how and when this came to pass. Was Marika born with Radagon as a separate persona? Or did he manifest at some important moment in her life? I lean towards the latter for a few reasons and specifically I think Radagon manifested at the climax of the War of the Giants when Marika became the ruling god proper. The first piece of evidence I would direct your attention to is the description of Giants Red Braid which reads the following. Every giant is red of hair, and Radagon was said to have despised his own red locks. Perhaps that was a curse of their kind. For me the language used here is very interesting, that red hair is a curse of their kind and I believe that Radagon was created during this conflict and somehow the red hair curse of the giants imprinted itself upon this new persona of Marika. Consider the context of this conflict, it is the final battle of a long series of wars. It is the moment when Marika is crowned god of a new era. But it is a bitter conflict with Marika herself, taking to the field and slaying the fell god herself. She seemingly hates the giants a fair bit, as her dialogue quoted in the fire giants remembrance is pretty callous. Is it possible that Marika's hatred of the fire giants also imprinted upon this new personality? As for how Radagon came to be, I would speculate that it was perhaps an effect of the Elden Ring itself. After all, Marika is a vessel for its power and it isn't too much of a stretch to imagine that it caused Marika to create a secondary persona. Radagon and Marika certainly have some thematic connections to some of the ideas found in alchemy, specifically the concept of an alchemical rebus, the magnum opus of the field, a being which is reconciliation of opposing matter, male and female in one body. The rebus is said to be a combination of the White Queen and Red King and it is hard to ignore the clear inspiration that Marika and Radagon take from this concept. The rebus is said to be the perfect being, given that it is the unification of all matter and perhaps this is why the Elden Ring transformed Marika so that she would be the perfect god and vessel for the Elden Ring. This is all just speculation and Radagon is an extremely complex character and I would therefore direct you to my Radagon lore video should you require a more in depth explanation of this character. With all that said, perhaps it isn't too much of a surprise that Radagon is a character very concerned with wholeness and the reconciliation of opposing schools of thought, these are the concepts that form the basis of Golden Order fundamentalism. We can see this in the actual gameplay elements as Golden Order. The first incantations like Law of Regression require both intelligence and faith in order to cast them, the reconciliation of sorcery and faith. We gain a further understanding of the ideals of fundamentalism when we examine its two main laws, the Law of Causality and the Law of Regression. Both of these laws reinforce the concepts we have already discussed that all things must be conjoined, connected and reconciled. It is a philosophy of holism, for example the Law of Regression reads the following  The fundamentalists describe the Golden Order through the powers of regression and causality. Regression is the pool of meaning, that all things yearn eternally to converge. As is explained by content creator Last Protagonist in their excellent Great Tree video, this Law of Regression is a reference to the real world statistical phenomenon known as regression towards the mean. Regression towards the mean is the idea that in a set of data, the extreme outliers of that data set will move closer to the mean, or average, in subsequent sampling. In the context of Elden Ring, the Law of Regression is slightly different, and instead is a reference to the fundamentalists desire to have life converge into a more uniform form. This is why Golden Order fundamentalists are so brutal to those who exist outside of their holistic worldview, they are extreme variables that contradict their ordered converged view of life. I serve the Golden Order, that I might put this crooked land to rights, following only the guidance of the Great Elden Ring. Those who live in death fall outside the principles of the Golden Order. Their mere existence sullies the guidance of gold, tainting its truth. And so it is the vermin must be exterminated, down to the very last. Before we move on to the Night of the Black Knives, we need to discuss another important element of Radagon's rule, the birth of his children with Marika, Miquella and Malenia. Miquella and Malenia were born special, both their parents shared the same divine body and we learn about the auspicious nature of their birth via Malenia's remembrance which reads the following. Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such, they are both Empyreans, but suffer deflections from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harboured rot within. Malenia was born as a vessel for the Scarlet Rot, chosen by the Outer God of Rot to herald in a new order of rot. Something explained to us by Gowery. Queen Marika and her King Consort Radagon were blessed with twin demigods, and Malenia was one of them. She was born an Empyrean carrying the Scarlet Rot. An Empyrean is no mere demigod. In the age of the Elden Ring and Queen Manica, the precious Empyrean was born, a new god to forge a new order. Since Malenia fought Radgan, and the great Scarlet Flower blossomed in Aonia, I have dedicated myself to her, and to the resplendence of the order of rot, the cycle of decay and rebirth. Malenia did not choose this however, and thus she and her brother would seek a cure their whole lives in order to preserve Malenia and prevent the Goddess of Rot from emerging. For her part, Malenia would learn combat techniques from a very special mentor, and we learn about this relationship from Prosthesis Wearer Heirloom which reads Though born into the accursed rot, when the young girl encountered her mentor and his flowing blade, she gained wings of unparalleled strength. This mentor, shown on the heirloom's image itself, is likely the legendary blind swordsman, and there are a few reasons for believing so. Firstly the heirloom talks about his flowing blade, and this is the exact same adjective used to describe the blind swordsman's blade in other sources. For example the blue dancer charm reads the following The dancer in blue represents a fairy, who in legend, bestowed a flowing sword upon a blind swordsman. Blade in hand, the swordsman sealed away an ancient god. A god that was rot itself. This swordsman had a long history with the Scarlet Rot. Using the flowing, water based techniques of the blue fairy, he sealed the avatar of the outer god of rot beneath the lake of rot. And water thematically fits as the opposing force to rot, due to the Shinto view of stagnant and flowing water. In short, the idea of purity in the ever flowing cycle of life in Shinto is commonly represented by flowing water. And conversely, stagnant water is used to represent the perversion or halting of said cycle. Pests and insects thrive in stagnant water and thus they are often also used to represent corruption and rot. Simply put, stagnation is death and flowing water is life. And credit to Aesir Aesthetics who essentially explained it exactly this way in their Silent Hill video which I will link below. Malenia thus fights as a flowing river, smooth, rhythmic even, unending attacks. Her signature move is called Waterfowl Dance after all. And my understanding has always been that the blind swordsman did not teach her combat techniques for the sake of battle prowess, although this is a significant benefit, but so Malenia could use these techniques to forestall the rot within her, much as the swordsman sealed the outer god of rot all those years ago. Malenia was not alone in her struggle however. The eternally young Miquella is touted as the wisest Empyrean of all by his sister. And from what we know of him this certainly lines up. He helped his father develop Golden Order fundamentalism, something we learn about from the descriptions of Discus of Light and Triple Rings of Light. Both of which state that Miquella was actually the one who taught Radagon these particular incantations. Miquella's true motive for investigating the depths of the Golden Order was actually to find a cure for his sister. And this is revealed in the description of Radagon's Rings of Light which read the following. One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists, a gift of gratitude to the young Miquella from his father Radagon. And yet the young Miquella abandoned fundamentalism, for it could do nothing to treat Malenia's accursed rot. This was the beginning of Unalloyed Gold. This was what pushed Miquella to begin his own Golden Order, an Unalloyed Golden Order. A version of Order free of the impurities that pollute his fathers. But what are these impurities? Well the various versions of Miquella's Golden Unalloyed Needle tells us that the meddling of the Outer Gods is what Miquella is chiefly concerned with. This is no surprise given the Outer God of Rot had ruined his sister's life and he had no doubt watched her suffer her whole life, losing her limbs and her freedom to the Scarlet Rot. Miquella's new Order was audacious in its intent. Taking an Erdtree sapling, he attempted to grow his own Erdtree, something we learn of via the Haligtree Crest Circoat which reads the following. This Circoat bears the crest of the Haligtree. Though watered with Miquella's own blood since it was a sapling, the Haligtree ultimately failed to grow into an Erdtree. It's clear that Miquella's Order was meant to rival and replace the current Erdtree Order. A new capital city to replace Leyndell, the Haligtree to replace the Erdtree and Unalloyed Gold to replace the Golden Order. He did help his sister, he forged her Unalloyed Armour and Gold Prosthetic Limbs which no doubt helped to forestall the rot within her body and most importantly it seems as though he gifted her one of his Unalloyed Gold Needles. We find the Broken Needle in the heart of Aeonia, right beneath the original Scarlet Bloom. Suggesting that Melania discarded it or dropped it just before she unleashed the Scarlet Rot during her battle with Radahn. We can give this repaired needle to Millicent, one of the Scarlet Valkyries. And the needle successfully holds back the Scarlet Rot and allows her to function without debilitating pain. And thus we can assume it did something for Melania when she had it. Miquella's empathy for his sister does seem to have carried over to the denizens of the Lands Between in general as he appears to be a protector of the weak and the outcast. The Sacred Crown Helm, worn by his foot soldiers reads the following. Who is it that Miquella shall bless if not the low and the meek? Indeed the Haligtree town seems to be home to the reviled Misbegotten and the Albinauric have also been granted sanctuary in the Lands Between. Miquella also seems to have cared for Godwyn and those who live in death. The Golden Epitaph, a memorial sword reads the following. A sword made to commemorate the death of Godwyn the Golden, first of the demigods to die. Infused with the humble prayer of a young boy, O brother, Lord brother, please die a true death. The young boy quoted in this sword is of course Miquella, a fact reinforced by the weapon art of this sword which presents a Haligtree Sigil when used. Miquella is also associated with Castle Sol, a castle which seems to be devoted to returning the souls to those who live in death. Something we can learn about from the various ghost dialogues found around the castle, who are beckoning the Eclipse to swallow the sun to return the souls of the dead. Miquella's connection comes from a specific ghost dialogue wherein the Castilian of the castle, his ghost, apologises to Miquella for failing to return Godwyn's soul to him. At some stage, Miquella cocooned himself and embedded himself in the Haligtree's inner wall. We can clearly see where this cocoon was located in Melania's boss room, in a hole beneath a Miquella-like growth. Gideon himself relays intelligence about Miquella, where he says he had also heard that Miquella had embedded himself in the Haligtree. I heard speculation Miquella embedded himself in the Haligtree. But, before he could finish, someone cut the tree open and absconded with his infant form. Indeed, it seems those words held weight. Why did he do this? Well Melania's armour contains a quote from her, in which she mentions that Miquella had made a promise. A promise that he would keep. In the past I had speculated that this was to do with his ascension to godhood. And that by embedding himself in the Haligtree, he would be able to become the unalloyed god and banish the outer gods forever, fully curing his sister and others tormented by the machinations of the outer gods. However with the release of a DLC trailer my thoughts have somewhat shifted. Miquella has somehow travelled to these lands of shadow. With the flavour text from the Bandai Namco website telling us that he gave up his very flesh in order to travel to these lands. Is this cocooning process tied to that journey? That it somehow allowed him to ascend in spirit to this different realm? Only time will tell but Miquella strikes me as a being who has plans within plans. And it's likely he is searching the shadowlands for something that will allow him to achieve his goals. As of right now, neither Melania or Miquella are in a good spot. Miquella was captured by Mohg during the Shattering and his mortal remains have been corrupted by Mohg's Omen blood. Mohg wishes to establish a new order, the Order of Blood. Mohg's patron is the outer god known as the Mother of Truth. Like any order however, this order needs a god. To which Mohg will be the consort lord. Mohg has therefore stolen the Empyrean Miquella, hoping to transform him into the God of Blood. However Miquella has long left the mortal plane his spirit has anyway and Mohg is merely in possession of a vacant husk. There is one final facet of Miquella's character I wish to discuss and that is his ability to compel. As we have briefly discussed, Miquella does seem to be an empathetic character and thus unworthy of loyalty. Drawing good people to his side like Loreta, who secured asylum for the Albinauric and in exchange she has become Miquella's loyal knight. However there is a more sinister side to Miquella. One explored by the Bewitching Branch which reads the following. Tree branch blessed with an incantation of unalloyed gold. The Empyrean Miquella is loved by many people, indeed he has learned very well how to compel such affection. The branch thus offers a sample of Miquella's power, and the power to compel is essentially the ability to turn someone into your thrall. This raises the question of how far this power goes. Does it afflict everyone who is loyal to the unalloyed? Or does he only use this power when he needs to? His army contains some of the most zealous warriors of any demigod, with his foot soldiers able to blow themselves up in an incredible display of faith and destructive power. Is Melania's love for him even real, or is it another effect of his power? I do think many, including Melania, love Miquella for the qualities we've explored in this chapter. However I have no doubt that despite his appearance, Miquella could be a terrifying vision to his enemies. There's a lot more to Miquella and he will play a big part in the DLC so I would highly recommend my recent Miquella lore video. But with that said, let us return to the timeline of events and look at the Night of the Black Knives. In both the introductory cinematic and the story trailer, this event is almost presented as a prelude to the Shattering War. And I am of the school of thought that this night was an aggravating event that would eventually lead to Marika shattering the Elden Ring. Roger gives us a good overview of what happened that night, as he says... Roger also gives us a nice overview of how this murder took place. A group of conspirators stole the rune of death from the Blade of Maliketh and used this blade to kill the renowned demigod, Godwyn the Golden, born of the lineage of Marika and Godfrey. He then later identifies the culprits of said conspiracy as in a separate dialogue he says the following... The Black Knife Assassins are descendants of the Eternal Cities, thus they are kin to Marika and the Royal Family, given they are Numen or Nox. This is why the Black Knife Assassin armor set relates these individuals to Marika as it reads... The Assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself. There are many reasons why these women would conspire against the crown, after all they are descended from the Nox who have a long history of resisting Erdtree authority, and it therefore isn't difficult to understand that there are some of Marika's kin who have an issue with her rule. However they may well have been gathered and influenced by the lead figure of this insurrection, Ranni the Witch, step daughter to Queen Marika. Through some investigation Roger is able to identify Ranni as the hand that crafted the Black Knife Blades. When confronted with this accusation Ranni does not deny that she was involved, as she says... In the past I have speculated where Ranni could have learned such a fearsome right, and I believe that her mentor the Snowy Crone is the most likely source of such magic. Ranni's new puppet vessel is indeed based on this witch, something we learn from the description of Ranni's clothing set, and it is therefore clear that this figure had a large influence on Ranni. This witch also taught Ranni ice magic, and taught her about the deeper mysteries of her Darkmoon. As Glintstone Ice Crag reads... Is it not possible therefore that this Snowy Crone taught Ranni about darker rites, rites that could be used to transpose the power of the rune of death into a blade? There are further hints that the Snowy Crone has knowledge of the darker elements of the world. As Alberic, a sorcerer of the Sinister Blood Star, also uses cold magic, suggesting he too might have been a student of the Crone at some stage as well. Ranni's reasoning for joining this conspiracy is for her own personal goals, rather than specifically overthrowing the Erdtree Dynasty. She explains why she did what she did in a moment of candor, as she says the following... Ranni's aim this night was to destroy her own Empyrean body, in order to free herself from the control of the Two Fingers and The Greater Will. Indeed we can find Ranni's original body, discarded and with the half wound wheel of the centipede upon her back. The description of the curse mark that we can take from her body reveals the truth of the ritual that she executed that night, as the item description reads... This curse mark was carved at the moment of death of the first demigod and should have taken the shape of a circle. However two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the curse mark into two half wheels. Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone. Ranni specifically organised a ritual, she had some of the assassins carve half of the rune of death into the back of Godwyn, while she had the other half carved into her back at the exact same moment. Doing it this way Ranni split the effect of the rune of death between two people. She used Godwyn as a totem, so he would take the death of the soul, while she only died in body. Ranni used Godwyn to free herself and he was left to suffer a horrific fate, his lack of soul transforming him into the aquatic Prince of Death. I have discussed this in great detail in my Godwyn lore video and I therefore direct you towards that if you want a more in depth look, but Godwyn's appearance is likely a thematic allusion to Shinto beliefs surrounding stagnation and death, something we explained earlier in the video. To me this is why we find so many instances of Godwyn's corruption found in pools of stagnant water including Godwyn's arena, and is why the Tibir Mariners are also associated with water, though they also blend this idea with another deathly figure, Keron. From Godwyn his curse of unlife would spread in the form of death root and its item description reads the following. On the night of the Dire Plot, the stolen rune of death enabled the first death of a demigod. After the rune of death spread across the lands between through the underground roots of the great tree, sprouting in the form of death root. The death root is literally the stolen fragments of the rune of death spreading like a weed across the world, afflicting others with the same loss of soul that Godwyn has. The consequences of this night were far reaching, not only freeing Ranni from her shackles and allowing her to pursue her age of stars, but it also unleashed those who live in death across the lands between. It also shook the foundations of the Golden Order and Marika's rule, setting events into motion that would change the world forever. It was Queen Marika who would shatter the Elden Ring and disrupt the current order of the world. Melana recreates a speech from Marika herself, where she declares her intent to destroy the Elden Ring in a speech directed at Radagon. She says, O Radagon, Lael hound of the Golden Order, thou art yet to become me. Thou art yet to become a god. Let us be shattered, both mine other self. Radagon and Marika fight for control of their shared body during this event, with Marika shattering the Elden Ring while Radagon tries to repair it. Something told to us by the description of Marika's hammer, which reads, The tool with which Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring and Radagon attempted to repair it. The hammer partially broke upon shattering the ring, becoming splintered with rune fragments. We can see this conflict in the announcement trailer and the introductory slides, where each ego alternately takes control before Marika is ultimately successful in destroying the Elden Ring. As to why she shattered the base of her own power, well I have hinted at it in the prior chapter, I do believe it was the brutal events of the Night of the Black Knives that drove Marika in her despair to destroy the Elden Ring and pave the way for a new lord and order. My first reason for believing so is the timing. As I've said the introductory cinematic, the story trailer and Rogier's retelling of events all place the Night of the Black Knives as the prequel event to the shattering, heavily hinting a connection. However there is a more direct piece of evidence to be found on the Bandai Namco website itself, in an article that accompanied the release of the story trailer back in December 2022. The article describes the basic background to the setting and it says the following of the Night of the Black Knives and the subsequent shattering. So begins the tale of the shattering, a devastating war between the children of Marika, demigods of the Lands Between. One grim night in the depths of winter, a flock of unknown assassins stole across the Lands Between. In a co-etaneous attack, this foul covenant snuffed out the lives of many of the God Queen's kin throughout the empire, too numerous and too scattered for her godly protection to save. The assassin's targets were multifold, but none was as devastating a loss to the Eternal Queen as that of Godwyn the Golden. After his death, the Elden Ring was somehow shattered and the order of the world broke with it. Many demigods were murdered during this event, but it was the death of Godwyn the Golden that caused Marika the most grief. Following his death, she would shatter the Elden Ring. The introductory cinematic tells us that at the time the Elden Ring was shattered, Queen Marika also disappeared and there is good reason for her absence as she has been imprisoned within the Erdtree as punishment for her crime and this is something Inea explains to us as she says. However Queen Marika had prepared for this moment, and I do need to take a moment to acknowledge fellow content creator Rata Toscar for refining my ideas surrounding Queen Marika's intentions. In a recent podcast on his channel, Rata Toscar and I discussed many elements of Elden Ring's lore including the Knight of the Black Naives. I have long been a proponent of the theory that Queen Marika was not involved in the Black Knives conspiracy, mainly highlighting the fact that Ranni is the one who clearly benefits from it, as well as the quotes from the Bandai Namco article that heavily imply Marika was devastated by the events of that night. However Rata Toscar challenged my perspective, offering a solid argument for the opposing view by suggesting that Queen Marika purposefully disrupted her own order in an attempt to create the conditions that would lead to the shattering, with the hope that a worthy new lord would arise from this conflict. Aside from the description of the Black Knife armour which speaks of these assassins having close ties to Marika, Rata Toscar cited a certain speech by Queen Marika as evidence of this particular theory, as she said the following. Now I still don't agree that Marika was involved in the assassination of Godwyn, I believe the Bandai Namco article is very indicative of the developers intentions regarding the story and the reference in the Black Knife assassin armour, in my opinion, is not a reference to Marika being involved and is instead a reference to Marika's blood ties to the assassins. Indeed fellow content creator Loki translated the Black Knife armour set from the original Japanese and offered his appraisal of it, I quote Loki now. It is said that the assassins, who are the perpetrators of the night of the conspiracy, are all women and according to one theory were visitors close to Marika. Loki then goes on to explain that the translation of close is in the psychological sense not in terms of dealings. However I think there is a lot of value in what Rata Toscar said and I now believe that in response to the brutal events of that night, Marika did indeed plan to set up the conditions for the shattering in order to bring an end to the stagnation of the current era and replace it with something new. She therefore warns her children of the coming conflict, that they will be set against each other in a brutal competition that will forge a new lord. She also planned for their potential failure, as it is she that seemingly assigns Hugue to round table hold, instructing him to produce a god slaying weapon for the future tarnished. I can do better than this. It needs to slay a bloody god. She must have done this prior to shattering the Elden Ring, as she would be imprisoned after that point, meaning that Marika was laying contingencies in advance of shattering the Elden Ring. Indeed it seems as though Marika long considered the tarnished as her ace in the hole, as when she banished them a long time ago, she already promised them that one day they would return to the lands between. Then, after thy death, I will give back what I once claimed, return to the lands between, wage war, and brandish the Elden Ring, grow strong in the face of death. Warriors of my lord, Lord Godfrey. However war would not immediately break out between the demigods, as it seems as though a sort of council was formed to maintain order in the unstable period following Queen Marika's disappearance. There is reference to this alliance in a sword monument found in Altus Plateau and I quote it now, The first offense of Leyndell, a sovereign alliance, rots from within, traces yet remain of bloody conspiracy. I have speculated in the past that this sovereign alliance is a unified council of the demigods that is represented by the thrones that we find in Morgott's arena. However this peace was fleeting and the alliance would crumble, leading to the first offense of Leyndell and the greater conflict known as the Shattering War. We know that each of the demigods claimed a shard of the broken Elden Ring, artifacts of great power known as the Great Runes. These great runes are both sources of immense power, but also part of the reason that the demigods end up at each other's throats. The power of the runes grant them great power, but also warp their character. Soon, Marika's offspring, demigods all, claimed the shards of the Elden Ring. The mad taint of their newfound strength triggered the Shattering. A war from which no lord arose. A war leading to abandonment by The Greater Will. This is a fact confirmed by Miyazaki himself, who said the following in an interview with Playstation, and I quote him now. In Elden Ring we wanted to take a slightly different approach because we had these brand new characters that George R. R. Martin wrote alongside the setting and mythos he provided for the world. He created these very heroic and grandiose designs, essentially these demigods from the history of Elden Ring's world. So we wanted to take what he provided us and create a new core for these characters and how we design them. From the boss designs that we've revealed so far, the one that I feel is a good match for how we take a heroic concept and twist and misshape it due to the power of the Elden Ring shards is Godrick the Grafted. He is an excellent example of this because he encompasses that feeling of sadness and frustration when a lord comes to the end of his reign, trying to cling desperately to the power he still has left. Each of the demigods has a heroic element to them that was perverted by the twisted power of the Great Runes and if you'd like a more in depth discussion on this subject I would highly recommend Rattatoskar's heroic concept series. Each of the demigods, with Great Rune in hand, clearly believes that they were the rightful successor, perhaps all except Morgott who saw his demigod kin as nothing more than pillagers and traitors to the Erdtree. There are many great battles of this war, the siege of Volcano Manor, the two defences of Leyndell and Malenia's humiliation of Godrick to name a few and detailing all of these events is quite outside the scope of this video. However we already know the ultimate result of this war thanks to the opening cinematic which states that it was a conflict from which no lord arose, it was a stalemate. The story trailer informs us that the last two standing were none other than Radahn, the Starscourge and Malenia, the undefeated swordswoman, meaning the climactic battle of the war was the Battle of Aeonia. This battle culminated in a ferocious duel between Malenia and Radahn. Radahn's power was so overwhelming that Malenia would unleash that which she had been holding back her whole life, the Scarlet Rot. The resulting cataclysm caused Malenia to briefly become the goddess of rot. The original Aeonian bloom is still present in the centre of the swamp, it having grown into a tree-like lifeform and its tendrils reaching all parts of Caelid. Neither demigod walked away victorious from this event, General Radahn is eaten away from the inside by the rot until he became nothing more than a beast and his forces would forever be occupied, fighting off the Scarlet Rot and its denizens, resolved to halt its advance or die in the attempt. The Redmane knight armour reads the following. When they were driven to defeat by Malenia's Scarlet Rot, the Redmane knights burned the crest on the left breast of their armour to indicate their resolve. Alas, dear home, I shan't see you again, for our duty is to remain here, a bulwark against the blight. Malenia didn't fare much better, something we learn of via clean Rotknight Finlay's ashes which read the following. Finlay was one of the few survivors of the Battle of Aeonia, who in an unimaginable act of heroism carried the slumbering demigod Malenia all the way back to the Halor Tree. She managed the feat alone, fending off all manner of foes along the way. First of all, it tells us that Finlay was one of the few survivors of the Battle of Aeonia, suggesting that very few of Malenia's forces were able to walk away from this conflict. Next it tells us that the unleashing of the Scarlet Rot left Malenia in a coma, and thus she had to be carried all the way back to the Haligtree, where her newly released Rot would infect its bows and turn it into a rotting husk that contained literal waterfalls of Scarlet Rot. With the fall of these last two demigods, The Greater Will would renounce them and look elsewhere for a replacement Lord, they would look towards the Tarnished. This is where our story begins. In the introductory slides to the game we hear about the most famous of the Tarnished who were brought back to the Lands Between by Grace. Tainted by the strength of their runes, her children warred, but none could become Elden Lord. And so Grace was extended, to your kind, the Tarnished. Listen, the fingers speak. The Greater Will has long renounced the demigods. Tarnished, show no mercy. Have their heads, take all they have left. Indeed we do see a sprite of Grace next to each of these characters if you look carefully enough. We ourselves are eventually granted Grace, resurrecting us and bringing us back to the Lands Between. This is the power of Grace, not only does it guide the Tarnished, but it is the source of their immortality. One thing that you will notice is that all of the legendary Tarnished, with the exception of Fia, are dead by the time Grace comes to them. Tarnished is telling us that it brought them back to life before guiding them to the Lands Between. Indeed we see this process happening in real time to our own character, who has granted Grace at the beginning of the story, resurrecting them and bringing them to the Lands Between. In the book called Overture of Elden Ring, Miyazaki confirms the connection between Grace and the Tarnished's ability to resurrect and I quote him now, the immortality of the Tarnished stems from the power of the guidance of Grace. Tarnished that die outside the Lands Between are given new life through the guidance of Grace and are beckoned to the Lands Between. This is basically the start of the game, I guess the guidance doesn't want the player character to be freed. We as the player arrive quite some time after the first Tarnished arrived in the Lands Between as the Round Table Hold has quite a rich history and many stories of past Tarnished who have come before us. For example there is Vargram, the Raging Wolf, who is described by his armour set as one of the first Tarnished to have visited Round Table Hold. There are also veteran Tarnished like Old Knight Isvan, whose armour set reads the following. Armour worn by Old Knight Isvan. Isvan is one of a few Wisened Tarnished who survived to this day. The term Wisened really reinforces how old Isvan is and how long he has been in the Lands Between. There are also hints that the Two Fingers have been here for some time as the coded sword description reads, Champions would gather at the Round Table Hold in days long past, when the Two Fingers were masters of oration, their flesh yet full of vigour. We find this weapon in the fortified manner, but it is clear that it is the ethereal Round Table Hold that is the gathering place of champions being referred to. These Halcyon days seem to be long past. The Two Fingers are now withered and crumbling, hiding in their inner chamber rather than giving inspiring speeches. The champions of our time also seem to be far from the great champions of old, most of them clearly incapable or unwilling to take on the demi-gods and claim the great runes. Vary, a servant of the Lord of Blood Mohg gives an excellent appraisal of the sorry state of the Round Table as he says, But how did you find the Round Table? Oh, you don't have to say it. Before the Round Table was chock full of venerated warriors, but now it's home to puff chests and has-beens. I fear you've been terribly disappointed. I don't blame you. There are also a few notable Tarnished who almost became Elden Lord, before we even step foot in the Lands Between, Vyke and Bernal. We learn of Bernal's failed path to lordship from his armor set which reads the following, Beasts are drawn to champions and to lords, and this armor befits a champion worthy of becoming a lord. And that is what Bernal was, until his maiden threw herself into the fire. Bernal certainly is a mighty warrior, and it is therefore not surprising to learn that at some point he was close to becoming Elden Lord, however his plans were stymied by his maiden throwing herself into the fire. Perhaps being denied lordship after all his work was what made Bernal bitter and was what pushed him to become a recusant. Vyke seemingly got even closer before pursuing the path of the frenzied flame, once one of the greatest champions of the round table and the closest to Elden Lord. We learn of Vyke's sudden change of heart via his armor set which reads, No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke travelled far below the capital and was scorched by the flame of frenzy. Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion? We ourselves are tempted to take this path by none other than Shabriri, who tries to emotionally manipulate us into accepting the frenzied flame. Content creator Vy Limit, in his video on Vyke, suggests that Vyke was also confronted with this dilemma and was unwilling to sacrifice his maiden and thus chose the path of the frenzied flame. There is definitely some weight to this, as in the region where we fight the frenzied Vyke's red phantom, there is the corpse of a maiden found in the nearby Church of Inhibition. Is this phantom version of Vyke still defending his maiden even after her death? Unfortunately Vyke failed and he was imprisoned on his way to the Flame of Ruin, a tragic story here and I would recommend V Limit's video if you'd like a more in depth look at this subject. So it is up to the player character to succeed where all others have failed, and we certainly rise to the challenge. We slay the broken demigods and claim the great runes, earning the favour of the two finger and gaining access to Altus Plateau and the capital. We then kill the current King of Leyndell, Morgott the Veiled Monarch, staunch defender of the Erdtree and our nemesis, who has tried desperately to prevent our ascension by assailing us as his Morgott alter ego. Upon his fall we should be granted an audience with Marika and become the next Elden Lord, however we find our access blocked by thorns and a certain seal. The Seal of Radagon. Radagon tried to stop Marika from breaking the Golden Order and even now with the Elden Ring shattered he will do anything to defend his rule. However Melina gives us hope and directs us to a more heretical path, through the Forbidden Lands to the Sealed Mount of Fire, where she sacrifices herself to unleash the Flame of Ruin's power upon the Erdtree. To burn the thorns however we must add one final ingredient, something that has been missing from the Lands Between for far too long, Destined Death. Our quest brings us to Shattered Farum Azula where we hunt down Maliketh who has been hiding here as G'rank. In the stress of battle, Maliketh once again imbues his blade with the Rune of Death and upon Maliketh's defeat the Rune of Death's power is once again introduced to the world and the Erdtree is consumed by fire. With the thorns burned we are finally able to enter the Erdtree and we are presented with a striking scene. As Enya told us, Marika is indeed imprisoned here but in one final last ditch attempt to defend the Golden Order, Radagon takes control of the body and with the Shattered Elden Ring embedded in his body and hammer he makes a formidable opponent. Once he falls, the Elden Ring itself leaves his body and takes its original form, the Elden Beast. This is the god that Marika wanted the tarnish to slay and was why she imprisoned the smithing master Hugh in Round Table Hold. Forging a weapon that can slay a god is no easy task but perhaps with the help of the dragons the impossible can become possible. The final stone needed to fully upgrade our weapons is very special as it is in fact the stone scale of an ancient dragon and its description reads the following. Smithing stone made by polishing a golden gravel stone, a scale of the ancient dragon lord and hidden treasure of Farum Azula. The ancient dragon lord's seat is said to lie beyond time. This stone lightly twists time, allowing the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. This is one of the most fascinating item descriptions in the entire game for me. It firstly tells us something about the eternal nature of the ancient dragons, they are immortal because their stone scales manipulate time. Secondly, the item description directly attributes these time manipulation properties as the reason we are able to slay a god. Perhaps we displace the Elden Beast in a temporal sense or move it to the end of its timeline and thus it ceases to exist. Regardless, we slay the beast and return it to its runic form, giving us the opportunity to decide how the world shall be repaired. Will we repair the Elden Ring as the two fingers and greater will expect and thus restore order, ruling over a new era as Elden Lord? We can of course customise the Elden Ring and dictate the form that the new order takes, either perfecting the golden order, inflicting it with the curse of the omen or giving those who live in death a place in the new order. There are however two other options, options I suspect The Greater Will and market did not anticipate, the Age of Stars and the Lord of Chaos endings. In both endings it seems as though the influence of the Elden Ring is finally excised from the world with Ranni's new logical order, ruling from the cosmos, a god who is far removed from Earth so she cannot be swayed by faith and emotion. In the Lord of Chaos ending we complete the mission of the three fingers and their desire to undo all of the works of The Greater Will, returning life to a uniform state, a primordial soup. The Ertree is burned to the ground by the power of the frenzied flame, despair made manifest. Those who gave me grapes howled without words, saying they wished they were never born. They come their lord, take their torment, despair, their affliction, every sin, every curse, then melt it all away. This Lord of Chaos, no more fractures, no more birth. Melina, having not been burned in the flame of ruin, has the power of destined death returned to us and the Gloam-Eyed Queen promises us death for bringing ruin upon the world. That is currently where the lore sits, Miyazaki has confirmed that there will be no new endings introduced in the DLC and so you can safely choose the ending of your choice before entering the Shadowlands. However, I do wonder if there will be some alternate dialogue with Melina, so if I had any advice it would be to leave her boss fight alone for now considering we will be meeting her long lost brother in the DLC. Thank you all so much for watching this video, especially if you made it this far. This was the most ambitious script I have ever done and I am so grateful for everyone's support. There are of course some details that I skipped over in this video. The demi gods and the outer gods in particular are subjects that each deserve their own video and I didn't go over it in full detail in this video. But I have given them this treatment in their own videos and I would suggest you check out those videos if you wanted more information. This video was designed to give you a broad and solid understanding of the basic story of Elden Ring and it's lore in preparation for the DLC. However if you are interested in more I would recommend my Miquella and Melina lore videos as these are characters that are most relevant to the Shadow of the Erdtree, at least as far as we are aware. Let me know your thoughts below, I love hearing your theories and interpretations of the stories, especially when we may disagree as that's how I do learn and change my ideas. But for now guys that is my story summary done and I really need to get some sleep. But until next time guys I will see you in the Shadowlands, take care and have a wonderful evening. Thank you.