Found at the end of Castle N.C.E.'s, Rellana Twin Moon Knight is a former princess of the Carian family and sister to Rennala Queen of the Full Moon. Rennala was head of the Carian royal family and leader of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Whilst Rennala charmed with her majestic magic and sorcery, Rellana was a highly skilled swordsman, relentless and aggressive in combat. Rellana was also known as the Sword of Messmer. Rememberance of the Twin Moon Knight states, once a Carian princess, Rellana disavowed her birthright and chose to stand at Messmer's side instead, knowing full well that not even the brilliance of the moon could grant him sukkah. Before long, she became known as the Sword of Messmer. Rellana went against all she knew and turned her back on the Carian royal family to stand by Messmer's side. Rellana did all this knowing full well that the moon couldn't soothe Messmer's inner serpent, but she still remained devoted to him. The Carian thrusting Shield states, once wielded by Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight, during her soul entry into ritual combat, a demonstration of fidelity to the hertry. She was loyal, but was Rellana, Twin Moon Knight in love with Messmer? The moon Rital Knight sword states, Moon Rital was the Twin Moon Knight's Chamberlain. She was also a friend of the trolls who served the royal family and proudly wielded their weapons as she fought Armin Arm with her gargantuan comrades. So one of Rellana's most trusted allies was also a friend of the trolls and fought alongside them in battle. In the Carian manner lies the sword of Knight and Flame. Astrologers who proceeded the sorcerers established themselves in mountaintops that nearly touched the sky and considered the fire giants their neighbors. The sword of Knight and Flame served as a symbol of friendship between fire giants and carians. The Carian family had many working relationships with trolls, fire giants, and others. The giants red braid states hefty whip woven from the flame red hair of a fire giant. Every giant is red of hair and radigon was said to have despised his own red locks. Perhaps that was a curse of their kind. If we piece the puzzle together we can see that this wouldn't be the first time a Carian family member pursued a red-headed demigod as Rellana's sister, Rennala, once loved radigon, much like she loves Messmer. Further twisting this tale is that Messmer is likely to be the son of radigon. Rellana's signature weapon, the twin blade, state. Weapon of Rellana the twin moon knight, two swords as a single armament. When two handing a straight sword engraved with golden flame will be carried in the left hand. Here and here alone were moon and fire ever together. Did this represent Rellana and Messmer's unity with moon and fire embodied in this great sword or was it a one-sided affair? Rellana's helm states, Rennala, head of the royal family of Caria who's said to given her younger sister, who renounced her lineage to chase after Messmer a gift of lustrous black hair. So despite Rellana leaving her family's legacy behind in the pursuit of this red-headed demigod, Rennala decides to give to her sister with this black hair. Is this a symbol of their undying sisterly love? Well Rellana's twin moon state, sorcery of Rellana the twin moon knight, associated with a Carian princess, incarnate overlapping twin moons which struck the ground one after the other, violently shaking the earth with moonlight. In her childhood, she and her elder sister, Rennala, met these moons, overlapping as they nestled against one another. Does this all be confirmed that even though Rennala may not have agreed with Rellana's decision, the love is still there between the two with the moons nestled together with the moons overlapping. Rennala allowed Rellana to follow her heart and find love. Of that Rennala never truly found. Rellana's arm are states adorned with lapis lazuli blue that is symbolic of Caria. Its radiance is yet to fully fade. It is further confirming that a piece of Rellana still stands with the Carian family and it will never truly fade. Wolfcress shield, the wolf is the breast of the Carian royal covenant, a symbol of the moons pride that none can forget, no matter what remote lands they may arrive in. Rellana was also an honorable leader herself, with many devoted followers. Rennala's cameo states engraved as a reminder of the unparalleled devotion of those who left their homelands to serve Rellana. By your leave we will accompany you wherever your lunar vessel takes you. As the Tarnish make their way into the small but intricate castle encase, they will be challenged with powerful scholars of magic, deadly hounds and of course the soldiers of Messmer the Impaler. As the Tarnish enters and sees moon gazing grounds, Rellana awaits. Rellana specialises in relentless sword strikes and magic attacks that require patience and timing to truly overcome. This fight is like a dance. Rellana has also perfected using the magic and fire elements of her signature weapon. Rellana's twin blades. As Rellana nears to feet, she'll unleash her devastating twin moons attack. As the Tarnish try-offs, Rellana twin moon night is no more.